FIX get config from dispatcher thread in delayed by default (#25242)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.2.rst

**In Development**

Changes impacting all modules
-----------------------------

> - |Fix| Fix a bug that was ignoring the global configuration in estimators using
>   `n_jobs > 1`. This bug was triggered for the tasks not dispatched by the main
>   thread in `joblib` since :func:`sklearn.get_config` uses thread local configuration.
>   :pr:`25242` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Fix a bug where the current configuration was ignored in estimators using
  `n_jobs > 1`. This bug was triggered for tasks dispatched by the ancillary
  thread of `joblib` as :func:`sklearn.get_config` used to access an empty thread
  local configuration instead of the configuration visible from the thread where
  `delayed` was first called.
  :pr:`25242` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.
```

**In Development**

Changes impacting all modules
-----------------------------

- |Fix| Fix a bug that was ignoring the global configuration in estimators using
  `n_jobs > 1`. This bug was triggered for the tasks not dispatch by the main
  thread in `joblib` since :func:`sklearn.get_config` uses thread local configuration.
  :pr:`25242` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Changelog
---------

:mod:`sklearn`
..............

> - |Enhancement| :func:`sklearn.get_config` takes a parameter `thread` allowing to

Reviewer: We should convert it to a "fix" kind of entry that describe that the configuration was the scikit-learn previously not always propagated to parallel workers with using `n_jobs > 1` for estimators that use process-based parallelism.

> - |Enhancement| :func:`sklearn.get_config` takes a parameter `thread` allowing to

Author: This entry is defined just above. I will just remove this entry.
